I've been wanting to meet him for a long time
You can't. You're pregnant
How can you risk yourself?
You're pregnant?
OK
How can you get pregnant?
I'll just take him.
No special permission
Weapons are not allowed in the palace
What right do you have?
With your less brain
You should stop your mouth
I just want to let the concubine know that I can use a sword
The third prince of the empress has flown
But he wants to enter the palace with a weapon
Was stopped outside the palace gate
When I handed over the accessories, the boss was unwilling
This kid is demonstrating
Let him in. Yes
Wow
Hi, how can the concubine be so rude?
Kneel down and meet the Empress
Is the status of the enemy princess lower than that of the concubine?
Forget it, don't hold women here
Have a seat, please.
Where is the third prince and concubine?
Guanwai Bishui Lake
Oh.
It turned out to be a child of a commoner's family
I don't know if the third prince has told you
I added the marriage.
But not so casual
Children in civilian homes can only do one test at most
Sister, is it real?
Brother Ye Xuan will marry another woman